Gwenevere Abriel: Samantha.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hey,
Samantha Scott: Okay.
Samantha Scott: How are you
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm, I'm going to take just a second to hit send on something.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I don't want you to think that I'm ignoring you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, my attendance. Fine, I'll just take a moment to center myself. Nice. You know what's up. Don't you
Samantha Scott: I'm still trying to maximize my zoom. I was able to turn on HD, which I hope maybe makes this a little bit better.
Samantha Scott: How that works exactly but
Gwenevere Abriel: Scoop today.
Gwenevere Abriel: 14
Gwenevere Abriel: Now I'm opening up the notes. That's why I'm quiet now. Now remember, it's this awkward thing, much like a phone call. Right. It's this weird thing that if we were in person, we'd probably have a higher tolerance for but it feels odd.
Samantha Scott: Can you hold on just one second. I'll be right back.
Samantha Scott: Okay.
Samantha Scott: One sec.
Samantha Scott: He forgot his keys is giving me
Samantha Scott: Settle
Samantha Scott: Okay, sorry.
Gwenevere Abriel: I have a note open now.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's see. Where did we leave off.
Gwenevere Abriel: We start. Okay, I'm guessing you and I started developing the beginning of the anchor room. Does that sound familiar
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So your audio is completely off right now. I can't hear you at all. I don't know, it's weird because it doesn't show you're muted super strange
Gwenevere Abriel: You know what log all the way out. If you want and come right back. I'll stay right here.
Gwenevere Abriel: That might snap it too because I can't hear you. I can tell you're talking, but I can't hear you. I would, yeah, there we go.
Samantha Scott: Hello.
Hi.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sure.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's fantastic. Let's see.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh my gosh. You're not going to believe this. Yeah, there's definitely something wrong. So Sam, your audio is out again.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, let's try this. It was there for a moment, and then it, it disappeared. So
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's try this. Let me just play with take your video off so just hit stop video button and see if all of a sudden audio comes online, let's give that a try. We'll do some troubleshooting here test test test test test.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, nothing. Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: What to do
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to share my screen with you and I'm going to type something to you. If not, I'll give you a call.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I think what I'll do is I'm going to screen share and I'm going to type something to see you can hear.
Gwenevere Abriel: What I'm saying
Gwenevere Abriel: Test test test.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, hi.
Samantha Scott: Okay, I'm sorry, I don't know what's going on. Maybe you should just use this one instead of why
Gwenevere Abriel: Though, let me tell you what I see on this one. I have better better video there's a better camera some for some reason.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, so I'm a fan of this one. I don't know what you're using, but I'll fan.
Samantha Scott: It's my phone and like
Gwenevere Abriel: I like it.
Samantha Scott: Because my mom cut off my service. I can't use it as a phone phone but I use it by connecting to Wi Fi here in the House, and then I have this app that lets me tech so I can text with
Gwenevere Abriel: Cool. Okay.
Samantha Scott: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Does that sound familiar that during that second session and what we had done with start to develop the anchor rooms.
Samantha Scott: I remember the protector.
Samantha Scott: A cheerleader, and the wise one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so what you had developed was your resource team.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you also have a distancing metaphor. And what we're beginning it's great.
Samantha Scott: We go right before the container.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, so
Gwenevere Abriel: What what we were beginning to do. And this takes sometimes as many as two or three or more sessions to develop
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't think it's going to because you're you're able to
Gwenevere Abriel: Identify internal experiences and emotions and you're pretty adept at labeling your psychological phenomenon pretty easily. I don't think this is going to take more than today. And then our next session.
Samantha Scott: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to give some more instruction.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, and it's not know, taking it's you really
Gwenevere Abriel: being present in the body. You really being present. You don't need to write down. I'm going to be Writing it all down.
Samantha Scott: So, okay, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, all you have to do is just pay attention to the next question that I asked just what comes up for you physically, emotionally, psychologically, if an image comes up, okay fine and you name it, and you tell me
Gwenevere Abriel: What's really key for this is that you're not sensor as if well maybe one doesn't want to hear this. I won't tell her that
Gwenevere Abriel: That's probably going to get
Samantha Scott: Whatever stream of consciousness comes up just
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's just go with that. So because
Gwenevere Abriel: It'll be it'll be me asking question after question after question. You know, there's going to be another one coming so you might as well just give me your answer. And then when we'll have another question. I'll just answer her and then I'll have another one.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it's, it's going to be let let me guide you
Samantha Scott: Is really or
Gwenevere Abriel: The invitation is so let me go over what what we're doing again.
Gwenevere Abriel: I had asked you last time. I said, Well, where are you feeling blocked and you said the hardest is with my mom's harassment.
Samantha Scott: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's where the block is. In other words, you've been trying to address the issue.
Gwenevere Abriel: In various different ways. And there it is. Still, it's still this big sort of emotional thing, I think,
Samantha Scott: With Mother's Day and everything. You know, it's, it brings it all to the fore.
Gwenevere Abriel: Absolutely.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's start there. So let me kind of get sorted out here.
Samantha Scott: Is my camera good now.
Samantha Scott: This is a good
Gwenevere Abriel: Move it just just right there is perfect, right.
Gwenevere Abriel: So we have where you're blocked.
Samantha Scott: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's bridge earliest age of being aware of
Gwenevere Abriel: Mom's harassment. Now I just for my own knowledge is harassment.
Gwenevere Abriel: A bombardment, is it
Gwenevere Abriel: An invasion into your emotional space. Is that what harassment is
Samantha Scott: Though I think that was one of the ways like
Samantha Scott: It was that plus when she would just be gone withdraw a lot the bedroom door, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, okay.
Samantha Scott: So you always that was the only door in our house that ever had, like, a deadbolt in it like a hardcore one. And yeah, so she would she would just lockers that she work, work, work hard, the day go home lock yourself in basically
Huh.
Samantha Scott: I mean, not all the time. But that was a regular pattern. Like if it was like a school day because she worked at the same school
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, okay.
Like
Gwenevere Abriel: So her
Samantha Scott: YELLING
Samantha Scott: To
Gwenevere Abriel: The harassment encompasses not only action, but also in action. It's also this withdraw it feels like harassment.
Samantha Scott: And the constant fear that if I disagreed with her on any point at any point in my life, which when I finally did like in a serious way. This is where we are, where, you know,
Samantha Scott: Where we're not even talking. I mean basically by my choice. I guess because I will not talk to her. I'm sure I could go back into a relationship with her under the old terms, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: I got you. So in this one, we're just kind of looking for first response. You don't have to explain your answer. Not to me.
Samantha Scott: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Good enough just sitting there on the plate all by itself that response is perfect, without any garnishing without any side of, you know,
Rationalization
Gwenevere Abriel: The potato fries. We don't need any of it. It's just, you can have a big just the meats just sitting there by itself.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, perfectly fine.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: So here's what we're doing the destination is to develop a safe space.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that's what I'm calling an anchor room and it's going to have. That's where we're headed. So just so you know it's going to be a good positive safe place we're headed. I didn't want you to think, well, maybe we're headed somewhere scary awful. We're going somewhere. Good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Cool. Yeah, I know, right. I want to start that right up front and I'm so it does take imagination. So it's going to be there and right brain, your mind is going to probably tempted to want to force memory, but just it meaning.
Gwenevere Abriel: Whatever you put in this room doesn't have to have existed.
Samantha Scott: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: It'll be tempting to do it the other way around. Well, I can't put it in there, didn't exist. Well, in this room with me. You get exactly what you need, what you needed and what you want.
Samantha Scott: So that branch disbelief total
Gwenevere Abriel: Attention to display. That is right. You've got. I love that phrase so much. So yes, this is where imagination and fantasy can all all happened in this room. So this is how we get
Gwenevere Abriel: The asking you three. I know I just have no memory, but there will be some one will be. How old were you when will be. What's the nickname of the third one. You'll find out in the middle of the whole show. Okay.
Samantha Scott: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well suspense and mystery for you.
Samantha Scott: It's like a game show
Gwenevere Abriel: And what otherwise just just I'm so you might hear me say, Are you having it to be matching the memory or could you give yourself permission to get what you need. You might hear me say something like that. Now you know why I'm saying it.
Gwenevere Abriel: You have some background story so
Gwenevere Abriel: Once you to bridge back in time. So get in touch, first with this belts and Sam of harassment and you have to go all the way. If it's very distressing this all the way up at 100 of zero to 100. You don't have to feel it that intensity but just make contact.
Gwenevere Abriel: With harassment with being in the presence of
Gwenevere Abriel: Another pulling away all the house with a deadbolt.
Gwenevere Abriel: Rather door with a deadbolt that awareness that if you open up and disagreed with her.
Gwenevere Abriel: There'd be a distinct consequence.
Gwenevere Abriel: Be aware of the yelling and then go back to the earliest age that you remember that feeling of harassment.
Gwenevere Abriel: Earliest with me.
Samantha Scott: I think I'm somewhere in that
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, however you
Samantha Scott: Want to say for
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. And did you have a nickname for
Gwenevere Abriel: Sammy. Alright, Sammy, so I'll probably want to distinguish younger self. This is getting into sort of a psychodynamic framework. So we're going to be going there. You don't have to do the analysis, I'm here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, that's what I'm getting paid for. You just have to pay attention to you. It's enough to just catch that first response was the ones I'm looking for. OK.
Gwenevere Abriel: Ok we have Sammy and then they'll be Sam. So I might have some moment.
Samantha Scott: 50. I'm not sure.
Samantha Scott: Because that's more my grandparents Sissy, you won't
Gwenevere Abriel: Be. Which one do you like better.
Samantha Scott: A Sami, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. That's the one we want them. So we'll go with that because you're going to be hearing it a lot.
Samantha Scott: So why
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't you like it.
Samantha Scott: Yes, to see
Gwenevere Abriel: If it changes, just let me know. I forgot to tell you really important piece. You can't do this wrong.
Samantha Scott: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can't, meaning there's no way even if you were trying to meaning, even if you think you did. You didn't
Samantha Scott: Okay, cool.
Gwenevere Abriel: whose whole
Samantha Scott: Lot of pressure off.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's right. You can't do it wrong.
Gwenevere Abriel: I might. I might screw up.
Gwenevere Abriel: But there's no possible way.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you're honest with yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right. You can't do it wrong. Anything that comes up. So what I'm saying to you is that added layer of, well, this isn't what she's looking for. That's the one. Just swatted away and go ahead and if you just go ahead and give it to me. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, this is when all the way around for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so I have the age and I have Sammy. And so let's begin. So just take a little Gander just kind of look around your home that you're in. Now, look around.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just get a sense of it you live there. This is your space. Hey, recognize that. Look at that color. Look at this. There's that. Here I am.
Gwenevere Abriel: I am
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, but I want you to do.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is I want you to get in touch with that.
Gwenevere Abriel: harassment of Sammy at age four
Gwenevere Abriel: And I want you to add a room to this home you're in. Now this is imagination. You're going to attach it to this homework. Well,
Gwenevere Abriel: It can be anything you need
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you think of as soon as we fight that what comes up.
Samantha Scott: Like a window. See
Samantha Scott: Okay with with sun shining in
Samantha Scott: I've always wanted that
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Now this room and
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll make it
Samantha Scott: Fit. It's got to be pretty big. I mean, it's got to be like, given my size. It's got to be like at least 20 by 20
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I got you. And I heard about a window seat in the sunshine.
Gwenevere Abriel: How big is that window. It
Samantha Scott: The way it should be like oversized, you know, like it's you know it's like where the, where a bench is like right up against the window, and there's enough room to lay down, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh yeah, we'll get into it and get a sense of what the window looks like are there drapes or their blinds or curtains just really good
Samantha Scott: I like all I like hardwood smooth hardwood. So that's how I imagine it, and it'd be like, Why are no yellow fluttering curtains kind of
Samantha Scott: Then
Samantha Scott: And tiny
Samantha Scott: The, the, the, the, the bed of the window seat is like that soft for like the the rabbit for
Samantha Scott: So it's nice and soft and cuddly and
Samantha Scott: You can look out, but all you can see is just really nice like a wildflower meadow. There's nothing to distract outside
Gwenevere Abriel: Continue to look around the room and see what else you notice
Samantha Scott: There's a law. I need to have, like, I need to keep myself like I don't, I don't want to be thirsty. So there's like a nice carafe of water and some juice glasses, some fruit.
Samantha Scott: Some crackers, whatever, stuff like that trail mix.
Samantha Scott: I'm
Samantha Scott: There should be a full length mirror
Samantha Scott: Just in case.
Samantha Scott: Of
Samantha Scott: See, there should be a bed too because sometimes you're not going to want to be in the window seat. You're just going to want to be in a nice soft white fluffy bed.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nice, soft white fluffy bed.
Samantha Scott: Yeah, like real clean. Everything's clean
Samantha Scott: And
Samantha Scott: Like a bathtub shower maybe
Gwenevere Abriel: Shower
Samantha Scott: A little fridge.
Samantha Scott: With you know snacks or yogurt or something.
Samantha Scott: A fan nice fan.
Gwenevere Abriel: Ceiling Fan
Samantha Scott: Know like just like a any kind of a little fan that can just like one of those little tornado fans, you know, keeps the air circulating nice a nod chomp burning safely and a little incense burner.
Samantha Scott: Maybe something nice from the ceiling as little fairy lights are Insta Nettie Hannah pretty glow.
Gwenevere Abriel: Kind of hanging from the ceiling.
Samantha Scott: Yeah, like a, like, not towards gets in the way. But just so when you look up. It's like a kind of gossamer
Samantha Scott: Effects. You know, like little lights.
Samantha Scott: Hmm, I don't know, a soft chair, a nice soft
Samantha Scott: Lazy Boy kind of chair.
Samantha Scott: I said incense right
Gwenevere Abriel: Good chump said
Samantha Scott: Yeah, no, I
Samantha Scott: Don't know I'm starting to feel like my rooms filling out pretty good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Notice anything else on the walls.
Samantha Scott: Like messages like you know
Samantha Scott: You know those little aspirational stitching the little stitching, you know,
Samantha Scott: Like, like a doily kind of but embroidered in the wall on the wall and a frame that say stuff like, ah,
Samantha Scott: Hang in there, you know,
Samantha Scott: Some of them could be subversive, I don't know. I was making say but you know
Samantha Scott: Some of the wisdom sayings from Alejandro maybe or something.
Samantha Scott: Stuff like that.
Samantha Scott: Led candles, because you don't have to worry about them burning, you don't have to worry about knock him over.
Samantha Scott: Yeah, I don't know. I don't want it to be too overcrowded
Gwenevere Abriel: So, so we have that sense. And then if you could kind of get a
Gwenevere Abriel: An awareness of what data.
Gwenevere Abriel: coming in through your ears. Notice what you hear in there, Sammy.
Samantha Scott: Like
Samantha Scott: Like the sound of like leaves and when like not you know distressing or loud, but just
Samantha Scott: Soft the sound of the air going through the when I mean going through the trees and occasionally the tree branches rubbing against each other and the sound of birds. There's definitely the Sound of birds not overwhelming, but
Samantha Scott: They're talking outside
Gwenevere Abriel: And notice the temperature of this space. Notice the skin, how it feels, just get a sense of temperature and maybe moisture even
Samantha Scott: It's like perfect temperature. It's like, for me that's like about 65 degrees cool air is always moving and flowing and never gets stuffy are stagnant. It's not human, but it's not so dry that your skin starts to crack. It's like the perfect
Samantha Scott: Temperature and beyonds
Gwenevere Abriel: So then kind of have an awareness of
Gwenevere Abriel: Even the tactile experience and maybe noticing how
Gwenevere Abriel: All the flooring.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe you're standing on maybe maybe feel for the flooring.
Samantha Scott: Yes hardwood, but it's finished so well. But you don't have to worry about splinters. And there's no wax or anything on it. It's just clean and gold blame me. When the sun shines on it. Little rugs.
Samantha Scott: Certain spots that same a rabbit for stuff.
Samantha Scott: But mostly it's it's it's very, it's just really, you're not going to hurt yourself on that floor.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's no chance you could slide on it.
Samantha Scott: All day yeah no splinters splinters don't exist in here.
Gwenevere Abriel: We go.
Gwenevere Abriel: And get a sense of
Gwenevere Abriel: Kind of what you smell.
Samantha Scott: I can smell the incense. I can smell the just sort of
Samantha Scott: Oh, that'd be nice. I can smell the Hetrick or the after the rain. Like it's rarely rains here, but in this room there's rain smell outside that clean
Samantha Scott: It's like a certain smell you can't get from anything else, it's from bacteria coming out, it's, it's like a smell of after rain.
Samantha Scott: You can smell that makes him like coming in through the windows.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now become aware of the taste of
Gwenevere Abriel: What's noticed in the mouth. These are a little harder to get to. But maybe there's something there.
Samantha Scott: I've got a I've got a nice corral full of cold, flu cool water cool water not cold and I so my mouth is nice and
Samantha Scott: You know, it's not dry mouth, not dry but it's not really overwhelmed with any senses. I'm just trying to be here in this space and enjoy it without, you know, without necessarily. I want to be overwhelmed by taste right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm just
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so there's just a sense of, there's no need for anything in the mouth. It's just right there.
Just
Gwenevere Abriel: Hydrated
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so it's hydrated.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's just fine.
Gwenevere Abriel: So we've touched on what you hear, we become aware of
Gwenevere Abriel: What you see it's like you to turn towards how you got into that room and see if there's a door, and then just described with state of the color, the shape where everything you possibly can about it.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's blue
Samantha Scott: It's that nice turquoise blue that's you know it's everybody uses it out here, but it's it's a big
Samantha Scott: Door. It's that color to ward off evil spirits or whatever supposedly back in time. It's a big wooden door but it's that color. It's got one of those
Samantha Scott: A crystal door knobs that are so pretty from all the houses, but it's really secure. It's not wobbly at all. And it's just a, it's a really solid door when you close it. You can hear that lock click
Samantha Scott: But it's easy to open. It's not imposing it's just solid
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Samantha Scott: Maybe it's this keep out on the other side on a little sign you know
Samantha Scott: No.
Samantha Scott: No, just in case. Nobody's going to come in there but
Gwenevere Abriel: Keep out. Okay. Is there a lock.
Samantha Scott: Yeah, there has to be
Samantha Scott: Where on the on top of the got on top of the nice door knob. There's a deadbolt.
Gwenevere Abriel: And is it on the inside of the room.
Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it lock now.
Samantha Scott: Not right now. But it can be easily in a second.
Samantha Scott: Because I don't feel like I need the locker right now. But if I need to. I know the lock is secure its top of the line.
Samantha Scott: It'll keep me safe.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sense of what you're doing in the room.
Samantha Scott: I'm just, I can just walk around and have sat in the window seat and I'm walking around on the nice clean and smooth floor and just looking at different things. Thinking don't want to sit down in the
Samantha Scott: In the lazy boy and maybe read something, there's some books there or do I want to
Samantha Scott: Do I want to look at myself in the mirror.
Samantha Scott: Or do I want to
Samantha Scott: Go and have a drink of water or maybe I want to take a nap. I don't feel like I'm ready to take a nap. But I've got a place to take one and I've got a fridge if I want to snack. I'm not hungry.
Samantha Scott: I'm
Samantha Scott: Everything's good. Here it's a it's a really nice room.
Gwenevere Abriel: Emotion. Do you have, as you are there running through all of your options. What's the emotion you have
Samantha Scott: I feel content safe.
Samantha Scott: Grateful
Samantha Scott: IT'S NICE TO HAVE A Room of One's Own, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: And see if you can be aware of that. Contentment safety and gratitude, having this nice from all on your own. Where do you feel that in your body.
Samantha Scott: Right right here.
Who
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that, is that the stomach area.
Samantha Scott: It's more like the real like the bottom of the real like I guess we're trying to breathe into when I
Gwenevere Abriel: Left that diaphragm area up there.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: It.
Gwenevere Abriel: Looks like we'll call it the bottom into the ribs.
Samantha Scott: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Samantha Scott: Basically that thing. I guess it is close to the stomach is it when we say we're feeling something in our stomach. I feel like we're really feeling it more there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I get it. What will be a word, though, that we can use. So we can reference that space would work for you.
Like
Samantha Scott: The root
Root
Samantha Scott: Feels good. And this is a fun
Gwenevere Abriel: And so I want to also add something to this face, and that is that in some secret little compartment in there and the wall. Maybe that only you know about you also magic.
Gwenevere Abriel: You also can just press on something and it opens it
Samantha Scott: A little hidden a little hidden compartment. That's totally smooth. You can never tell. But
Gwenevere Abriel: No one knows you do, and you can pull out this magic wand or whatever it is that you want it to be. But it embodies this
Samantha Scott: I love that I when I was a little kid, I used to
Samantha Scott: Literally dream about having a magic wand to do things with
Gwenevere Abriel: It. Okay, so we got this one. Beautiful. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so now I want to move into number I said there was going to be this other question. So here comes and this one just just go back to the room presence there Sammy and
Gwenevere Abriel: You were as you were moving around, but
Gwenevere Abriel: I could drink in my thirsty. I couldn't tired. I could sit here too. I want to sit there
Samantha Scott: Right, you can just curl up in the window seat like a cat, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: All of those opportunities and it is just the right temperature and that will send awareness.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell the sun's coming through that oversized and
Samantha Scott: Very content very peaceful
Samantha Scott: Yes, great day.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: To be present with that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Stay there. Your eyes close and stay in that industry. And I want to ask you a question. And it's an odd one, so don't expect the answer to come as quickly as these other things did okay
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, that's okay too.
Samantha Scott: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Invitation is to wait for it. Don't explain to me why am I taking so long. What's my don't go there, just wait.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I certainly am.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'll rephrase it a few different ways. I'll just keep guiding until you interrupt me and you know what it is. OK.
OK.
Gwenevere Abriel: Along the way, Sammy, you have had to adapt.
Gwenevere Abriel: I had to survive and environment.
And
Gwenevere Abriel: In order to survive in order to survive and had to believe
Misinformation
Gwenevere Abriel: And your adult self Sam knows it was BS. There was a lie that you had to go back
Gwenevere Abriel: And you didn't know any different, but
You
Gwenevere Abriel: Had to absorb that misinformation.
From your own
Gwenevere Abriel: Culture
Gwenevere Abriel: A greater message, somehow. But.
Gwenevere Abriel: did indeed to survive.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sam knows that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it's not true but Sammy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Had to believe it was true.
Gwenevere Abriel: Misinformation was
Gwenevere Abriel: Patient with it.
Samantha Scott: Feels like it's be small.
Okay.
Samantha Scott: I have to be
Samantha Scott: Mom.
Gwenevere Abriel: I got you. So let's find out. Let's go see. So be in touch with this younger self.
Gwenevere Abriel: And the best guess Sammy is
Samantha Scott: If you
Gwenevere Abriel: Shine. If you are big, you get sickness. If you are in your full tilt full body slash self.
Gwenevere Abriel: Badly.
Samantha Scott: Mom Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: There was there's some real truth to it, you may want to check into the root and see if something starting to happen.
Gwenevere Abriel: If there's some real truth in it.
Samantha Scott: Oh, no.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, let's do this. Let's check in with
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe it's mom will find out. Or maybe it's your adult self, which one would you like to start with having a little conversation and find out is being small the misinformation that I had to
Gwenevere Abriel: Conversation with the older self or
Maybe
Samantha Scott: My mom.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, it's up to you if you really want to have a vision with your mom, that's up to you. But there are other resources available doesn't have to be her right now.
Samantha Scott: Yeah, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: Who might know if that was the message.
Samantha Scott: Maybe her mom like
Samantha Scott: Okay. Hi Grandma my grandma, my
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so let's go with that.
Samantha Scott: Danny.
Gwenevere Abriel: Wants you to
Gwenevere Abriel: Figure out how to be in conversation with Grandma what what
Gwenevere Abriel: What comes up, how are you going to ask for this question. How can you find this information out to see if that's really it. How does that
Samantha Scott: I did just try to ask her in my head, you know, and see what Bye bye.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so you're pretty little Sammy. Yeah, he want gramma in the room. Are you on the phone. How do you get grandma to hear your questions.
Samantha Scott: In the room.
Gwenevere Abriel: She just magically there.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Grandma and Sammy. How are you gonna ask grandma your pretty little, how can you ask that question.
Samantha Scott: Look up and
Samantha Scott: Was, was that the was that the message that that I was getting I couldn't be.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh what is grammar do when she sees you sad.
Samantha Scott: God me
Was
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, she knows what to do. She just doesn't
Gwenevere Abriel: Grandma.
Gwenevere Abriel: Did she pick you up kneel down where you are.
Samantha Scott: Kneel down
Gwenevere Abriel: She goes down. Whoops. Yep. Sushi this
Gwenevere Abriel: Left hand under our armpits, just kind of took that will be under their
Gwenevere Abriel: Left Arm under the armpit put that right arm across the body and just sort of that. And just to be present with that hug.
Samantha Scott: I think it was one of the messages.
Gwenevere Abriel: Cable stay with that one for a little bit.
Gwenevere Abriel: What happened.
Samantha Scott: I don't know. It doesn't feel like it was the only message or the main message, maybe
Samantha Scott: I don't know.
Samantha Scott: Or maybe I'm just second guessing myself. I'm really good at doing that.
Gwenevere Abriel: So notice that so we can come out of it. You want to analyze. You want to come out and we can now.
Samantha Scott: No, no you're right, you're right, it's better. This is better. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: But it was it was
Gwenevere Abriel: An emotion that happened in there.
Samantha Scott: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: What was that
Samantha Scott: I mean, it's definitely a feeling that I'm doing something wrong.
Samantha Scott: Oh, but I just don't know. I mean,
Samantha Scott: In terms of the message, but I
Gwenevere Abriel: work so hard.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just not
Samantha Scott: What I
Gwenevere Abriel: Asked grandma.
Gwenevere Abriel: She's right there and just asked her if you feel safe enough
Gwenevere Abriel: To be confused. No.
Samantha Scott: Yes, she felt that way too.
Samantha Scott: She felt like she could never given us
Samantha Scott: A she's a gardener, she can never give enough sunlight that patch.
Gwenevere Abriel: The, what is the little girl asked grandma can hear, hear you out. What do you really ask her.
Samantha Scott: Is it what I what I said is
Samantha Scott: Is that, is that real, you know, was that a message that I was getting that I couldn't be big and I needed to just get a little bit smaller so I don't get like a bad look or a bad feeling
Gwenevere Abriel: When you look
Gwenevere Abriel: When you look at grandma or you get a sense of her face. Does she understand
Samantha Scott: Yes, she
Samantha Scott: She had this great she has these great wrinkles, you know, the sun wrinkles smile wrinkles
Gwenevere Abriel: What is she sees me
Samantha Scott: It's okay, baby.
Okay.
Samantha Scott: Yes, she was always hard
Gwenevere Abriel: To see with it. Not storytelling, just stay there with it. It's okay, baby.
And
Gwenevere Abriel: Feel that it's okay. Maybe you feel
Samantha Scott: I do feel like it's okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: What are you okay to do
Samantha Scott: Well, now I should not
Samantha Scott: Not be scared to say what I think, or to stand up straighter.
Samantha Scott: To say, or any of these things.
Gwenevere Abriel: So tell me about your hands. Tell me what you're doing right there, describe
Samantha Scott: drubbing yes I play like if somebody was soothing. I do that a lot.
Samantha Scott: I do my hair.
Samantha Scott: Was too, but I'm trying to
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it okay that she's saying.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you believe gramma, is it really okay
Samantha Scott: It should be
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, but Sam I want you to really be present with whether Sammy police grandma because your hands are telling me a different story. So please tune into the
Gwenevere Abriel: little paws are soothing something's going on.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you really grandma or do you want to check out more information.
Samantha Scott: More information.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, okay, and tell her tell her about your
Gwenevere Abriel: When you sue the teller why you need to Sue's
Samantha Scott: There's just, you know, something wrong with me.
Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: What does she does.
Samantha Scott: He doesn't think that way.
Samantha Scott: But I know there is
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: So grandma says there's nothing wrong with you, does she say what what does she do when she hears your grammar. There's something wrong with me. She
Samantha Scott: hugs me. She says, Do you want some corporate fritters
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then what happens with us.
Samantha Scott: I feel like it's okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's okay to let what's okay
Samantha Scott: To be to be myself to be said.
Samantha Scott: To be her to do worry that I'm not good at up
Samantha Scott: To be, you know, I know. You know, I know, I could
Samantha Scott: Not get out that, you know, I'm just not
Samantha Scott: I'm not gonna be able to have that was
Samantha Scott: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like grandma's there asked her about
Gwenevere Abriel: Good enough really make sure you don't leave this encounter until you are good and ready
Samantha Scott: Well, what I guess I would ask her what happened to my bow.
Samantha Scott: That major like that, you know,
Samantha Scott: What happened to her know something bad was
Samantha Scott: You know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's stay really get clear, you're only for Sammy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you confused about how you're not good enough or do you really are you just simply not good enough. And there's something wrong with you.
Samantha Scott: Confuse there's nothing wrong with me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and now what are you doing
Samantha Scott: Like me
Gwenevere Abriel: Smiling and you guys hugging or what's going on.
Samantha Scott: Yeah, she's smiling at race. You have to be easy, but whatever little dogs on me. She has two little dogs.
Samantha Scott: She has lots of little dogs all running around that house. She was the first person I knew with little dogs everywhere.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, get in touch with that route TUNE IN. TUNE IN THE BODY. See how it's doing now that there's nothing wrong with you.
Samantha Scott: Better
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it changing what's going on.
Samantha Scott: Yeah, maybe. Maybe the the straighter. The, the war comfortable. I feel and sitting up straight and
Samantha Scott: Not tracking anything it's it does feel more
Samantha Scott: It feels lighter. There's more room.
Samantha Scott: Squats together.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's their room for
Samantha Scott: Confidence.
Samantha Scott: Self confidence.
Samantha Scott: Protecting protecting myself.
Samantha Scott: Be open but protecting myself too.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's take whatever's left and you just
Gwenevere Abriel: You can use magic. You can just stay
Gwenevere Abriel: Everything right there in that room.
Gwenevere Abriel: Whatever emotional charges.
Gwenevere Abriel: Put it in
Gwenevere Abriel: Cottonwood
Gwenevere Abriel: Let it flow in the day.
Samantha Scott: Yeah.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: You witness moves up just as it moves further away, you see a way
Gwenevere Abriel: For me,
Gwenevere Abriel: On the side on the earth.
Gwenevere Abriel: With protective figure
Gwenevere Abriel: Active stabler
Samantha Scott: He right
Gwenevere Abriel: And Dolly Parton
Samantha Scott: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: And Holly Hunter.
Gwenevere Abriel: A cool place to be.
Samantha Scott: floating away.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you see them when you get to maybe they would say, a little something. Or they would talk with you and
Gwenevere Abriel: They might look at it and then come back to you and be
Gwenevere Abriel: present with you and choose
Samantha Scott: Yeah.
Samantha Scott: They when I feel safe, they will go into those little
Samantha Scott: Good which bubbles and float float off as well.
Samantha Scott: But I know there
Gwenevere Abriel: Are there if you need them.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it's that leaf. Now, out of sight.
Samantha Scott: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's open eyes and be present with this therapeutic moment here where we we use our, our skills reflection and let's take some time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Process all that work.
Samantha Scott: Well, it feels good. I mean, it felt weird. I've never done that before. I guess it's been a long time since I did at like play acting or anything like that.
Samantha Scott: So it definitely is taking so a rearrangement of myself to go back to play with that idea, but I did feel like I connected with the real truth.
Samantha Scott: And I also think I've just kind of scared of the whole enormity of everything, you know, so are probably still really protecting myself even though I'm trying not to.
Gwenevere Abriel: Again, let's stay with
Us right
Samantha Scott: They would
Gwenevere Abriel: Just be gentle. Be gentle with that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Message is one of your there's still another layer.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm still protecting you let me know that didn't you
Samantha Scott: Yeah, well,
Samantha Scott: I definitely feel that is, I mean, like I said, it's just so do that it's hard to
Samantha Scott: But I'm here and I'm present and I want you know I want to find all the pieces and or whatever pieces are necessary.
Samantha Scott: You know, in my interaction with her. I'm just not except for that last talking to her by accident when she called I'm just not letting her. She knows what I
Samantha Scott: Well, there's a thing I published on Mother's Day letter, a sort of letter an essay or something. So that's public. If she wants to see it. She knows what I think.
Samantha Scott: So,
Samantha Scott: If she wants to know what I think she can easily find out
Samantha Scott: So I don't feel like I'm shutting anything off in terms of a bad way. I'm just shutting off the the bad stuff that you know her trying to be total control of me be just begging attachment of her all that stuff.
Samantha Scott: What does that sound good for
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. What did you notice about Sammy.
Samantha Scott: Sammy.
Samantha Scott: She's a
Samantha Scott: may try to see your from outside. She's right and
Samantha Scott: Loud and
Samantha Scott: She doesn't she doesn't get a lot of positive feedback for either one of those things.
Yeah.
Samantha Scott: She's back talking. She's smart mouth, you know, which is they gave you say good
Samantha Scott: I guess you know
Samantha Scott: What the problem is, you know,
Samantha Scott: Unfortunately, no matter what you do to try to please people they that's what they want. That's not what some people want, you know,
Samantha Scott: So,
Samantha Scott: I mean, I know a lot of the adaptive stuff that I've done is not serving me anymore, you know, and it did, then it does now and
Samantha Scott: And that's one of the things that I want to try to get to a through my therapy, you know, is figuring out what those things are. And I mean as goofy as it sounds, may be healing my essential wound
Samantha Scott: But I want to
Samantha Scott: I don't want to be
Samantha Scott: I don't want to be here. You know, I want to move forward.
Samantha Scott: But I know I have to be here and I need to stop overanalyzing everything but it's so hard, like it's the one thing that's like my Kryptonite.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I heard, and I wrote an add a note, I just opened up the note again. I had done typing. But then you said something really important all of its important but I wanted to come back to it again and add it to this very specific anchor room.
Gwenevere Abriel: Paragraph that I have developed and that is I was bright
Gwenevere Abriel: And loud.
Samantha Scott: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's important.
Samantha Scott: Yeah, I was a my mom didn't like it.
Samantha Scott: she's jealous of me. I mean, I hate to say that it sounds horrible. And it sounds like
Samantha Scott: Like it just for me from inside my perspective, it sounds horrible for me to be saying that because it makes me think I'm vain, or whatever, but I'm not. I don't think any of that stuff. But she was. She is jealous of me for having a marriage. You know, it's
Samantha Scott: Sucks.
Samantha Scott: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right and loud.
Gwenevere Abriel: And yeah, so that. And so let's lighten it up.
Samantha Scott: myself more permission.
Samantha Scott: To be loud and to say things wrong and to not worry that I have to have everything figured out before I even start a sentence right
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So there's some
Samantha Scott: Good insights. Actually, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So the
Gwenevere Abriel: That quote from. I don't even know if Nelson Mandela is really the one that has said it but he's the one quoted is doing. Doing that that quote about playing small. Do you know what I'm talking about.
Samantha Scott: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: But, and I've got to find it. It's just too perfect.
Gwenevere Abriel: It can't take me long
Samantha Scott: This is the internet world.
Gwenevere Abriel: I've got yeah should pop right up right lane small quote
Gwenevere Abriel: Gotta be here probably quick. Let me just see.
Gwenevere Abriel: Ah, there it is. Just like that. Oh, well, Marianne Williamson is the one that is
Gwenevere Abriel: Saying this
Gwenevere Abriel: I remembered it as
Gwenevere Abriel: Nelson Mandela being the one who said it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me just make sure that this is a correct one because it's off the internet, it could have been a bad copy. So let me just see.
Gwenevere Abriel: So far, so good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so you might. I don't know what your perspective is on your spiritual perspective, the word God is used several times in here.
Samantha Scott: Good advisory
Samantha Scott: I feel like yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, good, because it's mentioned a few times. I'm just letting you know that that's going to happen. So I got almost through it. Let me just do this lessons.
Gwenevere Abriel: I haven't heard, I haven't read this in over a couple years. So it really, it's moving on awesome listening to it because it's so beautiful, so our deepest fear is not that we are inadequate.
Gwenevere Abriel: Our deepest fear is that we are powerful beyond measure.
Gwenevere Abriel: It is our light not our darkness that most frightens us, we ask ourselves, who am I to be brilliant gorgeous talented fabulous. Actually, who are you not to be, you are a child.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're playing small doesn't serve the world.
Samantha Scott: I'm halfway for you. Oh.
Gwenevere Abriel: Wow, there is nothing enlightened about shrinking so that other people won't feel insecure around you.
Gwenevere Abriel: We are all meant to shine as children.
Gwenevere Abriel: We were born to make manifest the glory of God that is within us.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not just in some of us it's in everyone.
Gwenevere Abriel: And as we let our own light shine we unconsciously give other people permission.
Gwenevere Abriel: Same
Gwenevere Abriel: As we are liberated from our own fear our presence automatically liberates others.
Samantha Scott: Yeah.
Samantha Scott: Yeah, that's beautiful. That's true. To me, it is true, it's totally true. I've never heard a phrase quite that way, though, I'm gonna have to, we'll have to find that quote
Samantha Scott: That whole
Samantha Scott: Keep with me.
What
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you see why there was an urgency for me to try and find that for you.
Samantha Scott: Yeah yeah yeah because it it's it's more than it's more than about myself.
Samantha Scott: I mean,
Samantha Scott: If I it's about that entire like societal notion, or whatever causes it to make us think that we're not special. We can't offer anything to the world. And really, that's probably 1,000,000,000% on true for almost everyone on the face of the earth.
Gwenevere Abriel: You are not that special. And you are incredibly special
Samantha Scott: Right.
At the same
Samantha Scott: And all and end all tamping ourselves down doesn't make any sense.
Samantha Scott: Well, we do.
Gwenevere Abriel: You've been in
Gwenevere Abriel: The habit of it for a really long time.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nicely done.
Samantha Scott: Was a good
Samantha Scott: That was a good, a good session and I feel I definitely feel like if we were to do something like that. Again, I can maybe relax into it a little bit.
Samantha Scott: Sometimes it takes like a second. You know what I mean to or an hour or a year to
Samantha Scott: To get comfortable. I feel, I feel a lot more comfortable with that notion of trying to play act and giving myself permission to do it. And that's definitely something I want to do in my own life, to give myself permission to think more creatively and stopping so analytical but
Gwenevere Abriel: What if we call it play. What if we just
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Samantha Scott: I think the great word I there's nothing bad associated with that word.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that's a lot of what I'll do is they're, they're just play let's play with this new idea.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's play it out. Let's role play
Gwenevere Abriel: So there's lots of play and
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's take a look at appointments and schedules and
Want
Samantha Scott: Me to give
Samantha Scott: In terms of my flexibility.
So,
Gwenevere Abriel: A specific
Gwenevere Abriel: I have a very time
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, well, I have a variable going on right now that I want to say to you that I'm available on Wednesday.
Samantha Scott: I'm sorry.
Samantha Scott: Hey, do you
Samantha Scott: Are
Samantha Scott: Okay.
Samantha Scott: Yeah appointment. I'm scheduling.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so I am I think at this point until I hear otherwise.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's put something in the book here for May 21 it to 10 but what I want the appointment I want for you is actually at 110 the prior day on Wednesday, but I need to
Samantha Scott: Well, you're still trying to work the schedule around. So for right now. The 21st
Samantha Scott: Which is
Samantha Scott: Thursday at two, Tim.
Samantha Scott: Got it. And then in the future, we're going to be trying to shoot for 110 on Wednesdays, which will be great because it's right after group. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let me let me let me clarify something you just said something that kind of threw me off just now. So your groups are Tuesdays. Is that correct,
Gwenevere Abriel: Correct. Okay. Beautiful. So we won't ever have mean it would be very rare for me to book a group and then individual therapy because because of insurance reasons we used to do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: All
Gwenevere Abriel: I loved it.
Gwenevere Abriel: I would say, Okay, I see in a minute group.
Samantha Scott: Right.
Samantha Scott: We can't. Right. Yeah. No, I'm on Tuesday at noon right now with group.
The right
Gwenevere Abriel: So what I'm hoping for is may 20 at 110. That's the one I want. But the one
Gwenevere Abriel: Is may 21 at 210
Samantha Scott: That's what's on the books, but you're going to try to switch it to the other one.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's fine.
Gwenevere Abriel: And okay
Samantha Scott: And you're just let me know by text. If that
Samantha Scott: Happens.
Gwenevere Abriel: I might know
Gwenevere Abriel: Tonight I might know tomorrow. And I know this weekend. I really, I need to, sort of, it's not all on me. I've got to talk with someone about it so
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Samantha Scott: I don't. Oh, this video is better. The colors a lot better.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I can see this less pixelated. Yeah.
Samantha Scott: Okay, so I think I'm just going to use my phone from now on.
Gwenevere Abriel: It works so well today. That's all you
Gwenevere Abriel: Know,
Samantha Scott: After weird start
Gwenevere Abriel: A lesson I sometimes I'll even just do audio from the phone and a video I am willing to do whatever it takes to get this done for you guys.
Samantha Scott: I appreciate it.
Samantha Scott: Alright, well thank you so much. I'll see you on Tuesday night.
Gwenevere Abriel: See you then. Good.
Samantha Scott: Okay, bye.